import { AnimatedName } from '../animated-name.tsx';

export const metadata = {
  title: 'Terms of Use - WhopStats',
  description: 'The terms and conditions governing the use of WhopStats services.',
};

# Terms of Use

<AnimatedName />

Welcome to WhopStats. By accessing or using our service, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. Please
read them carefully.

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

By accessing or using WhopStats, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and
regulations. If you do not agree with any part of these terms, you may not use our service.

## 2. Description of Service

WhopStats is a paid service that collects and organizes product information from Whop to help users discover
inspiration. We provide statistical analysis and insights based on this data. WhopStats is not affiliated with
Whop.com.

## 3. User Accounts

To access our service, you must create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your account and password. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account. Sharing of accounts is strictly prohibited.

## 4. Acceptable Use

You agree not to engage in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our services, including but not
limited to: attempting to gain unauthorized access to the service or its related systems or networks,
circumventing any rate-limiting systems, or using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to
access our service.

We encourage users to report any bugs or vulnerabilities they discover. However, any attempt to exploit these
vulnerabilities or engage in activities harmful to the system is strictly prohibited and may result in
immediate termination of your account.

## 5. Payments and Refunds

WhopStats is a paid service. By subscribing, you agree to pay all fees associated with your subscription. We
use Paddle as our payment processor. All payment information is handled securely by Paddle.

You may cancel your subscription at any time. Refunds are handled on a case-by-case basis and are not
guaranteed. Please contact us for any refund requests.

## 6. Intellectual Property

The content, organization, graphics, design, and other matters related to WhopStats are protected under
applicable copyrights and other proprietary laws. Copying, redistributing, use or publication of any such
matters or any part of the site is prohibited without our express permission.

## 7. Limitation of Liability

WhopStats shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages
resulting from your use of our service. This shall include, but not be limited to, damages for loss of
profits, business interruption, or loss of data.

## 8. Modifications to Terms

We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. We will notify users of any significant
changes. Your continued use of WhopStats after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment and
agreement to the modified terms.

## 10. Contact Information

If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us at hi@whopstats.com.
